---
layout: post
title:  "sim game"
date:   2016-07-28
---
<p>
  I started building a simulation game at the start of this year. Beginning games at the start 
  of the year seems like it's becoming a trend. I better get this one done before 2017. You 
  can play the <a href="/sim">current version here</a> or check out the 
  <a href="https://www.github.com/tsamb/pharma-sim">source code here</a>.
</p>
<p>
  I wanted this to start off as a homage to one of my all-time favorite games, Sim City 2000.
  The early idea was to style it isometrically, just like many sims and RTSes of the 90s.
  That might still come to pass, but for the last few months I've been predominantly working
  on the mechanics rather than the graphics. That being said, one of the most recent big 
  update I have made is some CSS styling to lay out the views intuitively. If you look back 
  at early commits, you'll see the earliest versions were simply a mess of buttons and text 
  on a linear HTML page.
</p>
<p>
  Whereas I played around with Canvas with my Tower Defense RTS last year, I thought I'd
  stick with the DOM with this game for the meantime. If and when I get to isometric-izing 
  the graphics on this, I'll probably switch over to Canvas or maybe even try to port the 
  whole thing to <a href="http://phaser.io/">Phaser</a> (which does use Canvas under the 
  hood).
</p>
<p>
  I have a long list of to-dos in Wunderlist right now which I'll port over to GitHub issues 
  eventually. For now, please feel free to play, contribute and/or offer feedback via 
  <a href="https://github.com/tsamb/pharma-sim/issues">GH issues</a>.
</p>
